I spend a lot of time thinking about how to not think about things.
I'm a pretty non-religious person, but I'm a religious atheist.
We need a new word for 'something'.
I'm so glad I'm not a Republican.
I can't even find words for what I'm feeling.
I'm going to murder my wife.
You're a good person, but I just don't like you.
The best thing about being a kid is that I don't have to do the things I don't want to do.
I'm so happy, I think I'll go punch a kid.
I'm so glad I live in this century, but I can't wait until I live in the next one.
I don't participate in organized religion, but I'm pretty religious.
You know what I say to the people who judge me? Go fuck yourself.
I don't do it for the money, I do it for the passion.
I don't want to be the female version of anything. I just want to be the best version of myself.
I want to tell these girls that they should embrace their own unique selves. I wish I had someone to tell me that when I was growing up, but I think it's important that the younger people know.
You can do anything you want to do. You just have to turn off the fear and do it.
I'm not even close to being the best, and I'll never be the best at anything, but I'm willing to put in the effort to be the best I can be.
I just do my thing. I don't care about what people think.
I'm not saying I'm better than anybody. I'm just proud of myself for doing it.
I'm not one of those girls who cares what other people think.
I don't need my life to be perfect. I'm not perfect. That's okay.
There's a lot of emptiness and bitterness and anger and resentment and all these dark feelings in me and I just want to let them out and I don't know how to let them out
The morning is the best time for me to write. I have a lot of ideas for my writing so I have to practice to write them down. When I write I feel happy.
The music makes me happy.
I want to make a lot of money. I want to have a lot of money because if I have a lot of money I can buy a house. I can buy a house and a car.
I want to be a doctor. I want to be a doctor because if I am a doctor I can help people. I can help people who are very sick.
One of my favorite places to visit is the beach. I like the beach because I like swimming and swimming makes me very, very happy.
It is good to travel. I think it is good to travel because I can see new things. I can see new places I never saw before.
I can meet new people. I can meet new friends.
I can travel when I am old. I can travel when I am retired. I think it is good to travel when I am old.
One day, one day I will write a book and I will be a famous writer.
If you are experiencing fear, you are experiencing doubt.
If there is no fear, there will be no doubt.
A man who is full of doubt is not full of faith.
Doubt kills faith.
I am not full of doubt because I am full of faith.
If you are not experiencing fear, you are not experiencing the enemy.
There are no exceptions. The enemy is always trying to defeat you.
If I were to rewind time, I might be able to tell you what I was thinking.
We're all human; we can't be perfect.
You're not the only one who gets lonely. Maybe if you got out more, you'd see that.
You're right; I don't know everything.
Can you see me? Can you feel me?
I'm not like this because I'm sad; I'm sad because I'm like this.
I'm not depressed; I'm just in a funk.
I don't want to be your friend. I want to be YOUR FRIEND.
We all have our own realities. Just because yours is different doesn't make it wrong.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sorry.
You're not the only one with problems.
I care about you; I'm here for you.
I'm here for you.
We're friends; I'm here for you.
I love you because you make me a better me.
One must be careful for the weeds of bitterness, fear, anger, and confusion. The weeds of love, joy, hope, and confidence are kept at bay if you are careful.
You have to learn the difference between what you can control and what you can't control.
Don't be afraid to show your true colors.
If you are feeling down, just remember that the world is not over for you.
Many things happen. You don't have to let them affect you.
I refuse to be afraid, because if I am afraid I won't take chances.
There is no excuse for not trying.
Always be yourself.
Don't ever give up on your dreams.
You don't have to see what is in front of you. Just believe in yourself.
I am not perfect. No one is. I just try to be the best that I can be.
What you say is as important as what you do.
Be different. Be you.
In the end, it is not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
It's a good thing, because I don't like you and I never will.
What, did you just get out of prison?
I don't want to be your friend. I want to be your boyfriend.
Are you sure you want that? You're not very pretty.
I don't know if I want to be friends with you. You're not very nice.
You're just a kid. I can't believe I'm friends with you.
I'm not your friend. I'm your boyfriend.
You're an immature little kid.
There is nothing I want to do more than help people live the most fulfilled life possible.
If you want to be happy, be happy. No matter what.
If you’re not happy, do something about it.
I’m going to retire whenever I want.
It’s really important for me to live my life as if I’m going to live forever.
I’m really good at not getting hit.
You’re not going to win if you don’t play.
I’m the Wolf of Wall Street.
I don’t need to go to the gym. I’m a machine.
I’m not passionate about anything.
I’m not the smartest person in the room.
I’m the only person I know that can have a job and not have a job.
Everything is going to be okay.
I’m a really great person.
I’m not a mechanic, but I play one on TV.
You can’t fix stupid, but you can duct tape it.
There is no ‘I’ in team. Unless you say it like ‘eye’.
I’m not an idiot, I’m dyslexic.
I’m not crazy, I’m an artist.
I’m not lazy, I’m waiting for motivation.
I’m not crazy, I’m high functioning.
I’m not rude, I’m honest.
I’m not crazy, I’m passionate.
I'm the god of my own world and I'm a good god
I think people are born with the right to vote. I don't think you need to earn the right to vote.
I think that I'm really good at covering up my flaws.