"I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with 'em later."--Mitch Hedberg
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here. This is the war room."--President Merkin Muffley (Peter Sellers), Dr. Strangelove
"My mother always used to say: The older you get, the better you get, unless you're a banana."--Rose (Betty White), The Golden Girls
"Halloween is the beginning of the holiday shopping season. That's for women. The beginning of the holiday shopping season for men is Christmas Eve."--David Letterman
"Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes."--Jack Handey
"Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence in society."--Mark Twain
"Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are."--Will Ferrell
"I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life."--Rita Rudner
"Ned, I would love to stand here and talk with you--but I'm not going to."--Phil Connors (Bill Murray), Groundhog Day
"When your mother asks, 'Do you want a piece of advice?' it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway."--Erma Bombeck
"I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them."--Phyllis Diller
"Never follow anyone else's path. Unless you're in the woods and you're lost and you see a path. Then by all means follow that path."--Ellen DeGeneres
"Insomnia sharpens your math skills because you spend all night calculating how much sleep you'll get if you're able to 'fall asleep right now.'"--Anonymous
"Breaking up is like knocking over a Coke machine. You can't do it in one push; you got to rock it back and forth a few times, and then it goes over."--Jerry (Jerry Seinfeld), Seinfeld
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."--Michael Scott (Steve Carrell), The Office
"I walk around like everything's fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off."--Anonymous
"I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her."--Rodney Dangerfield
"I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own."--Les Dawson
"There's nothing wrong with you that an expensive operation can't prolong."--Surgeon (Graham Chapman), Monty Python's Flying Circus
"Someone asked me, if I were stranded on a desert island what book would I bring: 'How to Build a Boat.'"--Steven Wright
"There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it."--Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?
"You know you've reached middle age when you're cautioned to slow down by your doctor, instead of by the police."--Joan Rivers
"Truth hurts. Maybe not as much as jumping on a bicycle with a seat missing, but it hurts."--Lt. Frank Drebin (Leslie Nielsen)
"My Mama says that alligators are ornery because they got all them teeth and no toothbrush."--Bobby Boucher (Adam Sandler), The Waterboy
"I never feel more alone than when I'm trying to put sunscreen on my back."--Jimmy Kimmel
"Marriage is like an unfunny, tense version of Everybody Loves Raymond, but it doesn't last 22 minutes. It lasts forever."--Pete (Paul Rudd), Knocked Up
"Being a mom means never buying the right amount of produce. Either everyone suddenly loves grapes and a week's worth are eaten in one afternoon, or fruit flies are congregating around my rotting bananas."--Lessons from the Minivan
"I'm not insane. My mother had me tested."--Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons), The Big Bang Theory
"There are only three ages for women in Hollywood: babe, district attorney and Driving Miss Daisy."--Elise (Goldie Hawn), The First Wives Club
"I saw a study that said speaking in front of a crowd is considered the number one fear of the average person. Number two was death. This means to the average person, if you have to be at a funeral, you would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy."--Jerry Seinfeld
"Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it."--Anonymous
"If I woke up tomorrow with my head sewn to the carpet, I wouldn't be more surprised." --Clark Griswold (Chevy Chase), National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
"There's nothing simpler than avoiding people you don't like. Avoiding one's friends, that's the real test."--Dowager Countess Violet Crawley (Maggie Smith), Downton Abbey
"If I'm not back in five minutes, just wait longer."--Ace Ventura (Jim Carrey)
"The only thing that separates us from the animals is our ability to accessorize."--Clairee Belcher (Olivia Dukakis), Steel Magnolias
"I'm at a place in my life when errands are starting to count as going out."--Anonymous
"A good rule to remember for life is that when it comes to plastic surgery and sushi, never be attracted by a bargain."--Graham Norton
"I'm not good at the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?"--Chandler (Matthew Perry), Friends
"Here's all you have to know about men and women: Women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid."--George Carlin
"When I'm in social situations, I always hold onto my glass. It makes me feel comfortable and secure and I don't have to shake hands."--Larry (Larry David), Curb Your Enthusiasm
"As you get older, three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two."--Sir Norman Wisdom
"That's why New York is so great, though. Everyone you care about can despise you and you can still find a bagel so good, nothing else matters. Who needs love when you've got lox? They both stink, but only one tastes good."--Midge Maisel (Rachel Brosnahan), The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
"Here's some advice: At a job interview, tell them you're willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician."--Adam Gropman
"You are only as free as you think you are and freedom will always be as real as you believe it to be."― Robert M. Drake
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future." - Oscar Wilde
"The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking."― Albert Einstein
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua Marine
"Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky." - Sonia Gandhi
"Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one." - Martin Heidegger
"Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life." - Omar Khayyam
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." ~ Maya Angelou 
"I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains." - Anne Frank
"Turning your back on the darkness didn't mean the darkness would turn it's back on you."― Jennifer Donnelly
If you're enjoying these quotes, you'll love our collection of dark quotes that will motivate you to keep going and encourage you that things will be OK.
"Do not be lured by the need to be liked: better to be respected, even feared." - Robert Greene
"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you." - Stephanie Perkins
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus." - Mark Twain
"What matters in life is what you care about and what you will continue to make effort toward caring about it." -Nokwethemba Nkosi
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anaïs Nin
"If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are a slave." ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
"Life is too deep for words, so don't try to describe it, just live it." - C. S. Lewis
"I want to be like water. I want to slip through fingers, but hold up a ship."― Michelle Williams
"A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed." - Henrik Ibsen
"Dead people receive more flowers than the living ones because regret is stronger than gratitude." - Anne Frank
"Could I have been anyone other than me?"― Dave Matthews
"You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger." - Buddha
"Take life one step at a time look forward to your future, stop looking back and regretting the past, the past is the past because it does not last!" - Abhishek Tiwari
"Happiness is within. It has nothing to do with how much applause you get or how many people praise you. Happiness comes when you believe that you have done something truly meaningful." - Martin Yan
"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men." - Frederick Douglass
"I find that a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced over whether or not I have bread." - Mitch Hedberg
"Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding." ~ Kahlil Gibran
"The longer I go about living, I see it's the relationship that is most meaningful." - William Shatner
"Since loving is about knowing, we have more meaningful love relationships when we know each other and it takes time to know each other." - Bell Hooks
"Sometime, when you least expect it, you'll realize that someone loved you. And that means that someone can love you again! And that will make you smile." - Homer Simpson
"It is not so much our friends' help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us." - Epicurus
If you're enjoying these quotes, you'll love our collection of inspirational quotes for friends to show just how much they mean to you.
"If I love myself I love you. If I love you I love myself." - Rumi
"Love means to commit oneself without guarantee, to give oneself completely in the hope that our love will produce love in the loved person. Love is an act of faith, and whoever is of little faith is also of little love." ~ Erich Fromm
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for." ~ Bob Marley (see other thoughtful Bob Marley quotes)
"Good friends help you to find important things when you have lost them...your smile, your hope, and your courage." ~ Doe Zantamata
"Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend." ~ Albert Camus
"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"You might want someone else to save you, or might want to save someone so badly. But no one else can save you, not really, not from yourself." ― Ava Dellaira
"It is better to have a meaningful life and make a difference than to merely have a long life." - Bryant H. McGill
"The fullness of life is only accessible in the present moment." - Eckhart Tolle
"Always go too far, because that's where you'll find the truth." - Albert Camus
"Life is in ourselves and not in the external." - Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it." - Alexandre Dumas
"Today me will live in the moment, unless it is unpleasant, in which case I will eat a cookie." - Cookie Monster
"Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so." ~ Bertrand Russell
"With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things." - William Wordsworth
"It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed." - Doe Zantamata
"What matters most in life is often invisible." -- Duane Elgin
"For every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it." -- Thich Nhat Hanh
"The reason why we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind the scenes with everyone else's highlight reel."- Stephen Furtick
"Knowing what must be done does away with fear." -Rosa Parks
"Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures." -- Jackson Brown Jr.
"The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it but that it is too low and we reach it." - Michel Angelo
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt